i'm here at the chicago pro the day
before the show i'm here with last
year's champion sao biet from the United
Emirates ISA coming back last year this
was your show you won the show you did
the Olympia last year you didn't fare
too well at the Olympia so you need to
qualify you chose to come back to
Chicago why did you come back here why
didn't you choose any other show well DJ
I'm here to defend my title ok and I'm
good man if there's somebody want to
take it should beat me first well this
is this is what a champion sound like of
course anybody needs the only wants to
show gotta go to sao biet what should be
way better for me to take it from ok
what what is what is different about you
now what's different that we saw last
year actually the judge Sneed from me to
bring more sweeping my legs more
hamstring more lower back and small
waist um and I did everything the same
as they need and I'm here so you're
basically saying that you did your
homework whatever they wanted to see
from you this is what you did this yes
and now since you're not from the United
States you live in the United Emma
another Arab Emirates when did you come
here how many days did you think you
know was it what was it necessary to
prepare here in the US absolutely DJ I'm
here and now two week ago I'm will
charge I'm working with charge he's my
trainer now and gold gym and Venice
Beach
I'm gonna be here till the mr. oh so now
you're trying to reach oz glass that
they tryna of all champions and you
continue training with him all the way
up to the Olympia if you qualify to that
tomorrow if I could if I get Michael
ification I will train with him tell
Olympia well all I can say is we looking
forward to you stepping back on stage
since last year's September we haven't
seen anything of isa opiate and all i
can say is i wish you the best everybody
from flex online is there anybody you
want to thank i need to thank DJ my
crown prince for giving me everything
what I need to be here with that up guys
and I'm here as you see DJ and I need to
thank charge I need to thank George I
need to thank you guys flex magazine I
need to sense my wife and everyone who
support me back home and that's it well
and we all are very happy that you are
here and still competing because we need
more people from the Middle East and you
are very strong represent if you
actually wanted the best right now up
the middle east and we wish you all the
best so 4 flex online this is Ethiopia
I'm Dennis James will see you after
prejudging tomorrow